@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
alpha;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
item;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
paths;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\39\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
set;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
style;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
translate;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;C:\Users\neoni\Documents\Программирование\Мои\С# мой\Reikartz\Reikartz\Reikartz.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
